Update kubelet-config-file.md (#27192)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubelet-config-file.md

## Start a Kubelet process configured via the config file

{{< note >}}

> If you use kubeadm to initialize your cluster, use the kubelet-config while creating your cluster with `kubeadmin init`. See https://kubernetes.io/docs/setup/production-environment/tools/kubeadm/kubelet-integration/ for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use kubeadm to initialize your cluster, use the kubelet-config while creating your cluster with `kubeadmin init`.
See [configuring kubelet using kubeadm](/docs/setup/production-environment/tools/kubeadm/kubelet-integration/) for details.
```

Author: ok for me. Is there a way to squash this, so I do not have two commits for this change?

Author: /label tide/merge-method-squash
